# Carrier Concentration

## Introduction
The purpose of this application was to help me learn about Semiconductor Physics, Machine Learning applications, and to build libraries I can use in future Physics classwork and projects.

## How does this Work?
This program takes a specific material as described in materials.py and outputs the properties from the effects of heavy doping. It does this by the following process:
1. A .csv file containing the Temperature (K), log$_{10}$N$_D$ and Fermi Level data is generated from a custom-built Bisection root finder found in physics_tools.py.
2. A Neural Net is then trained on this data producing a .pth file for use later on.
3. inference.py takes the trained model and uses it to predict the Fermi Level at a specific temperature (In this case 300K) and at a specific doping concentration ($N_D$). Also, outputting a graph displaying the data being outputted by the model (ai_brain_diagnostic.png)
4. simulate_transport.py takes in the same data as inference.py but outputs the electron transport, conductivity, and resistivity of the material.

## How to Run:
1. Install all required packages (i.e. matplotlib, numpy, pandas, torch) 
2. Run pipeline.py
3. Run inference.py (If you want a graph of the Fermi Level vs. Temperature generated by the model make sure "engine.plot_surface()" is not commented out)
4. Run simulate_transport.py

## Future additions
* Material based doping
* Web scraping for materials.py?
* Interactable dashboard